Week 1 Outcomes: 
  Define the major components of a computer system that may be subject to attack.
   Computer System Assets such as Hardware, Software and Data.
   Embedded systems (phones, pacemakers, etc.) also count as computer systems worth protecting.
  
  Describe the basic attacks that can occur on computer systems.
    one system sends an overwhelming flood of messages and another virtually shuts down seconds systems ability to function.
    four acts: interception, interruption, modification, and fabrication.
    confidentiality can suffer if someone intercepts data, availability is lost if someone or something interrupts a flow of data or access to a computer, and integrity can fail if someone or something modifies data or fabricates false data. 
    An unauthorized person accesses a data item.

  Discuss access controls that can be used to reduce the exposure of the various vulnerabilities.
    Sobject, Mode of Access, Object, Policy
    Classes of controls (physical, procedural/administrative, technical) and the concept of access control (subject/object/access mode/policy
  Describe the many categories of criminals involved in computer crime.
    individuals, organized worldwide groups, organized crime, and terrorists (with four sub-categories: computer as target, method, enabler, and enhancer of attack).
  
  Describe how encryption protects against passive attacks, like eavesdropping, and how to protect against an active attach such as falsification of data, using authentication.
  Explain the basic process of encryption and decryption.
  Discuss efforts to compromise encrypted data using cryptanalysis.
  Explain approaches at cryptography using substitution ciphers and transpositions.
  Discuss encryption algorithms used today such as DES, RC4, and AES along with any advantages and disadvantages between them.
  Explain the process and benefits of public key encryption.
  Discuss the generation of digital signatures along with the use of certificates to protect information.

From Content:
Access Controls 
  Access controls can be used to deny unauthorized access to the physical environment, the devices, the data, the communication links, the application software, and the operating system.

Encyption and Cryptogrophy 
  2 categoirs of security attacks 
    Passive:
      Hard to detect because the intruder is only listening and not leaving any tracks. The primary approach to thwarting passive attacks is to use encryption to disguise the data.
    Active:
      insure ourselves against damage. The process of authentication is used to help thwart active attacks by insuring the data was sent by the original sender and not modified in transit. Cryptography algorithms are used in both the encryption and authentication processes to conceal key information for accomplish adequate security of the computer system.
  Cryotography 
    communicating via secret writings or ciphers. Encryption is the action that creates these secret writings. Encryption can be defined as changing a message in some manner such that the original message is not immediately known.
  Cryptoanalysis
    study of how to "break" an encryption code.

  Caesar Cipher Algorithm 
  1. Ask for 2 inputs on the console 
  alphabet = " abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzabcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz"

    text = str(input("Enter the text: ")).strip().lower()
    key = int(input("Enter the key: "))
  2. Error handler 
    if 0 < key <= 26:
  # wait for it
else:
  print("Key must be between 1 and 26!")

  3. If statemt that wil find letters on the aphabet
    Loop through the letters on the text and address every number of each letter on the aphebet string using index method 
    Add number of the key 
f 0 < key <= 26:
	for letter in text:
		get_letter = alphabet.index(letter) + key	
    keyword.append(alphabet[get_letter])
    print("".join(keyword) + " is the keyword!")
	# wait for it
else:
	print("Key must be between 1 and 26!")

Decoder 
alphabet = " abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzabcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz" # " zyxwvutsrqponmlkjihgfedcbazyxwvutsrqponmlkjihgfedcba"
get_letter, keyword = 0, []

text = str(input("Enter the text: ")).strip().lower()
key = int(input("Enter the key: "))

if 0 < key <= 26:
	for letter in text:
		get_letter = alphabet.index(letter) + key	
		keyword.append(alphabet[get_letter])
    print("".join(keyword))
else:
	print("Key must be between 1 and 26!")
